donation
capture the objectives securing I
hey whats up guys its LP and you're
watching some modern warfare 2 round war
and yep the rail and I'm sorry for
another derail gameplay I know derail is
just an unbelievably horrible boring map
but I'm really flushing out my hard
drive right now trying to get ready for
Milan warfare 3 I haven't actually
recorded game and probably about a month
so this is just all old gameplay and I
don't have the map pack so this map
comes up a lot so I just run the new
kind of trying to make it a shorter
gameplay so sorry for the derail
gameplay but that's not what I want to
talk about obviously the first thing I
want to talk about is the live stream
that I had on Saturday for all those who
came out that was a lot of fun he drank
some beers we messed around I made a new
account the loyal Patriot on the xbox
and it's gold now so I just played with
subs tried to rank up with the double XP
I think I started like a rank 10 and it
was just it was a lot of fun a lot of
people came out for it including sandy
ravage and I know he's not going to be
watching this but he gave me a tweet he
dropped the link of the live stream in
his tweet and I got a lot of followers
from and a lot of viewers and that was
really cool of him so he hung around for
a while and talked and it was just
generally a good time one of the things
that was kind of frustrating was people
would come in from seeing Sandy's tweet
and think that it was sandy on a secret
account guys if you go to my stream
looking for 100 kill gameplays or sandy
revs type style or dying soldier matte
black I'm not that good of a player I
put up decent game plays once in a while
but I just try to have fun guys KD means
absolutely nothing to me so if you want
to come out to the live stream and game
with me and just have fun you're old
enough drink beer and just shoot the
shit that's what it's all about and it
was just a lot of fun so thanks everyone
who came out
and if you aren't following the stream
and want to i'll leave a link in the
description as always and again yeah it
was a lot of fun and I appreciate it but
the next thing that I want to talk about
is a subscriber upload day and I know
it's not a very original idea I know
there's a lot of other commentators that
do that but I want to get back to you
guys somehow for showing me support and
I don't have any money and I don't make
money off these videos i think i made
like i said my last video like 26 cents
last month so i can't do giveaways or
xbox live gold cards or anything like
that so I figured I would just use the
sub-base that I have which I know isn't
very large but it's really loyal just to
upload some videos from you guys and
maybe give you a chance to get some
attention and I'll just do that is my
way to give back and then always game
with you guys and interact you guys and
stuff like that so if you guys like that
idea i would do it twice a month by the
tenth and the 20th i would keep it to
commentary just because i have
permission to use all the music that i
use and if i even get one copyright
strike I'll lose my partnership so I
want to keep it two commentaries and
keep it to boil subs and trust me I know
who you are if you watch my videos your
comment I know your name so I'll keep it
to that kind of fan base
all you have to do is just upload it on
listen to your channel send it to me in
a PM on YouTube and asked me to check it
out and possibly upload it and i'll
definitely watch it and i only put up
the stuff that's entertaining to me and
i think that my subs will like so that
it stays fresh and it stays unique and
then you guys know that if i upload it
it's worth watching so if you guys like
that idea definitely let me know in the
comments i'd also like to kind of have a
unique name towards somebody suggested
Patriots corner I kind of like that
that's pretty cool but maybe drop a name
give me an idea I'll definitely give you
credit for coming up with it and if you
guys like the idea just let me know I
want to do something so I can get back
and like I said I I can't really be
giveaways I wish I could and hopefully
someday I can but for now if you guys
liked this idea I'll definitely do it so
anyway guys I appreciate you guys
checking out the video and even though
was derail it was really boring but as
always guys thanks for watching later
my baby
an accomplished and again 9 oh my bad
news but some work on my team